---
layout: post
title: "README.txt"
date: 2024-06-24
---
<p>No, this post is not about the Chelsea Manning memoir. A README file is a text file usually found in the root directory of a folder, documenting the contents and structure of the folder or dataset so people can find what they need. This post is going to serve as the readme for this website.</p>

<p>I anticipate this website growing and changing over time, but it is currently composed of six parts:</p>

<p><b>homepage</b><br>
is occupied by landing_gallery, a rotating monthly exhibition space for a single original artwork. It was hard to know what to make the homepage of my site– and prioritizing any of my sub-pages over the others felt wrong.</p>

<p>I had the idea for a rotating digital gallery of small, informal works a long time ago, and this felt like the right opportunity to put it into practice.</p>

<p><b>feed</b><br>
is a collection of my favorite images I take or find every month, updated sporadically or else monthly at the end of the month in a batch. Usually these photos are beautiful places I see, interesting things I find. I notice I take a lot of photos of things I find on the ground. I learn a lot about my interests from selecting photos and looking at my photos like this. feed starts just before January 2024.</p>

<p><b>words</b><br>
is a repository for any and all writing, a personal blog+ hosted on my own domain. words is a repository for published writing, unpublished writing, unpublishable writing, pieces that are really short or really long, include images, are works-in-progress or collected research. Right now most of this writing is scattered between platforms and notebooks.</p>

<p><b>stories</b><br>
is slightly more specific: stories is a collection of very short stories, updated sporadically. I write these stories all the time, and the stories on this site are likely my favorites. I anticipate adding to this collection all the time. They're listed reverse-chronologically, in a single long scroll. I actually don't know where the idea for this format came from.</p>

<p><b>info</b><br>
is my bio and personal info, contact information, CV etc.</p>

<p><b>links</b><br>
are included in the header to the two networked platforms I regularly update / post on: <a href="https://www.are.na/maddy-bruster/channels" target="blank">are.na</a> (an incredible tool for collecting, organizing and storing diverse types of content, I use it all the time for research and as an external memory) and a link to my <a href="https://special.fish/maddy" target="blank">special.fish</a> page, another incredible project that defies description! which I use as a very ambiguous and experimental diary.
</p>




---